there's more than meets the eye with our
main male character inna hoe with this
episode we see that he's a very
intelligent character I mean we've
already seen a couple times he's shown
his intelligence but with this episode
he goes beyond what we have seen and he
concrete's his self off as a very badass
main character he may not have any
emotions and everybody may still got a
complaint about his character saying
he's either very generic he's uncaring
or why would you care about a character
that has no personality which I can't
agree at the moment inna ho pretty much
is no personality he has no personality
and really at this moment I have nothing
to really relate to him with but as a
main male character standpoint he's a
very intelligent character and he's very
smart he dealt we puts his smarts into
the battle because with this episode it
shows you that he fought a head over
this enemy soldier this Martian and drug
him into the water and had a flash like
steam explosion which threw me off I'm
like holy it just did really threw
me off and then you had the entire
explosion plates on the mech and when
they exploded it caused the plasma to
disperse and it made it to her inner ho
could grab the max arms and drag it into
the water right there that was really
intense and awesome and once
again that music I won't do it
again uh-huh well that funky music ah
come on come on if I the only one that
loves that soundtrack ok I know for a
fact I'm not the only one that loves
that soundtrack I know for a
fact I cannot be the only one that
soundtrack out of everything from this
anime season it is the best damned
soundtrack I have seen because if even
if a scene barely has nothing going on
that music she's like oh my god
could have a heart attack from
the epic so the music is so good it
really is that I it's one of the biggest
points about the surgeons is like the
strongest things about the series that
really continues to make it flow so well
it makes it so entertaining that music
really helps this series no the
animation once again I got a compliment
that anime
I mean the animation is insane it's so
insane all those mechs are CGI
and you see the way they look and all
that it's just look so beautiful so
beautiful I mean really I mean the way
you see the CGI move and then she
believe it's not even CGI that's
how good it looks I'm like to that's so
good it really looks so good it really
does and I just I give the animating
team the animators that are currently
working on this series props that's the
animation and the CGR is really
impressive probably one of the best uses
of CGI hi I've seen all year long it
really is that good now besides that the
main focus of this episode is pretty
much the ceasefire and at the end of
this episode a water just went down
for instance the king of Mars and knelt
that we're going to war burn earth to
the ground I'm like this is halo
is this halo are they about to glass the
planet that's exactly what I fought
because I mean burn her front like oh my
god that's not good and so pretty much
you have a lot of manipulation going on
here in this I mean a lot of politics
messing with each other because in this
episode slain did the right thing and
try to tell the Martian keen the
princess's father that she was still
alive but instead before he got there
one of the assassins mesh to get there
before him told a lie to the king and of
course the King would believe one of his
like nights over slain that was a Terran
or earthling so really interesting to
like how it's playing out and pretty
much you have a lot of behind-the-scenes
manipulation that's really getting me
entertained and the big thing here is
will the King ever realized that his
daughters alive I wonder what would
happen if he realized that his daughter
is alive and he's still bombing the
plan I mean what if this isn't
what if what if you know the princess
dies because of the king and then he
finds out later on oh my god that would
be so freaking tragic honestly at this
standpoint you really can't blame the
King for his action so let's think about
this logically okay if your sister your
daughter someone was to get killed okay
and she got slaughtered and literally
out of nowhere like you
they're for peace but you've got you
know retaliation and evil and you had
murdered to your own flesh and blood I
mean you would probably very post to and
you probably want to go to war get
revenge do something I mean that's a
logical choice of human actions we would
do and so I actually have to compliment
the King on actually choosing to do a
ceasefire at the beginning of this
episode that takes a lot of balls a lot
of willpower and a really good person to
actually say let's do a ceasefire until
we file to find out what's going on and
so technically from this episode the
king is a very good guy he's a very good
guy and he actually did something very
watchful he's attacking her even though
we know earth is in the right
technically the Martian king is in Iran
to since he really believes his daughter
got assassinated by Earthlings so you
have to think about this from his point
of view but at the same time and it's
going to be tragic when he finds out
that the Earthlings didn't do this but
it was his home people he's definitely
going to be very upset now also with
this it seems like slain is going to be
sentenced to death very soon because now
the King believes that splains an enemy
and then you have you know the orbital
knots probably gonna find out next
episode and so those slain is probably
going to be killed or he's going to have
to escape to the arc length which I've
already Fury's day couple times in a
couple of videos all a lot of chivas
also talked about it so it's less obably
going to go join the Earthlings and try
to help out the princess to be able to
get to her father so it's going to be
really interesting to see this entire
element overall the episode is very good
entertaining engaging and I love the
different things they did in this
episode like so much detail in the
backgrounds and characters and I like
that a lot and so once again another
flawless episode of all the Noah
0 well nothing's flawless someone be
honest there but it's a very
good episode very very good episode so
anyways everybody tell me your thoughts
about this episode what was your
favorite moment what was your favorite
battle in this episode and also what you
feel about all the plot development we
got going on in this episode for
instance what you feel about the king do
you understand its point of view let me
know in the comments below I love all of
you so much you have a wonderful
how ever you live please be safe she do